chore: Update Avatar to use createStencil and createComponent (#2793)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/react/avatar/stories/avatar/Avatar.stories.mdx

import {Specifications, SymbolDoc, SymbolDescription} from '@workday/canvas-kit-docs';

import {Basic} from '../avatar/examples/Basic';
import {Button} from '../avatar/examples/Button';
import {Image} from '../avatar/examples/Image';
import {LazyLoad} from '../avatar/examples/LazyLoad';
import {ObjectFit} from '../avatar/examples/ObjectFit';
import {Size} from '../avatar/examples/Size';
import {Variant} from '../avatar/examples/Variant';
import {CustomStyles} from '../avatar/examples/CustomStyles';

<Meta title="Components/Indicators/Avatar" />

# Canvas Kit Avatar

Represents a person's profile.

[> Workday Design Reference](https://canvas.workdaydesign.com/components/indicators/avatar)

## Installation

```sh
yarn add @workday/canvas-kit-react
```

## Usage

<SymbolDescription name="Avatar" fileName="/react/" />

The example below shows multiple instances of a `Avatar` with various configurations.

### Basic

By default, the Avatar renders a `button` element. If yo'd like to change the default element, use
the `as` prop.

<ExampleCodeBlock code={Basic} />

### Button

Like many of our components, Avatar accepts an `as` prop, which lets you change the underlying

> semantic element to a `<div>`. This should be done with caution to ensure the best accessibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
semantic element to a `div`. This should be done with caution to ensure the best accessibility.
```

Generally, `<button>` elements should be used for actions.

<ExampleCodeBlock code={Button} />

### Variant

> Avatar defaults to using a "light" `variant` property. You can change the `variant` prop to "dark"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avatar defaults to using a `"light"` `variant` property. You can change the `variant` prop to "dark"
```

by including `variant="dark"`.

<ExampleCodeBlock code={Variant} />

### Size

Avatar defaults to using a `"medium"` `size` property. You can change the `size` prop to various
sizing options. See Component API for more details.

Additionally, you can explicitly specify the size you want for the Avatar in pixels or rems.

<ExampleCodeBlock code={Size} />

### Image

> Avatar will convert to an image avatar when the `url` prop is included with acceptable url.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avatar render an image when the `url` prop is defined.
```

<ExampleCodeBlock code={Image} />

### Object Fit

Avatar defaults to using `contain` for object-fit. You can change this property to any other

> acceptable `object-fit` properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
acceptable `object-fit` properties. For best fit, try to use square images.
```
